#summary How to build your own 64Doom ROM

= Introduction =

With a simple toolkit (which you can download from this project site: [https://64doom.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/64DOOM_BUILDER.zip DOWNLOAD TOOLKIT]) you can build your own 64Doom ROM that includes any of the supported game versions.


= Details =
{{{
BUILD YOUR OWN 64DOOM ROM
-------------------------


In order to build a working 64DOOM Z64 file, you
will need at least one WAD file from the various
versions of Doom. Make sure the WAD file is named
as described in the following section, and located
under the "wadfiles" sub-directory under the directory
that you unpacked "64DOOM_BUILDER.ZIP"
into.


The supported game types (and their associated,
required WAD filenames) are as follows:
--------------------------------------------------
Doom Shareware  -- DOOM1.WAD
Doom Registered -- DOOM.WAD
Ultimate Doom   -- DOOMU.WAD
Doom 2          -- DOOM2.WAD
Plutonia        -- PLUTONIA.WAD
TNT             -- TNT.WAD


then just run "make_doom.sh" as follows:
1) From cygwin, bash make_doom.sh
(NOTE: If you already have Cygwin installed, before you try to run the script, you need to make sure that you remove all of the EXEs (EXCEPT FOR CHKSUM64.EXE AND N64TOOL.EXE) and DLLs from the 64DOOM_BUILDER directory that gets created when you unzip the toolkit zip file, or it will fail in a couple of different ways.)
2) From Windows, double click MAKE_DOOM.BAT
3) From Linux, build or find copies of N64TOOL
    and CHKSUM64 and then try 1)


You will be prompted to enter a number from 1 to 6
(the script prints a listing of games with them);
input a number and press the ENTER key.

If everything is successful, you will end up with
a Z64 file named after the game you picked in the
directory you ran the script from.

If there was a failure, an error message will be
printed on screen with hints on what to do.
In the event that a Z64 file was generated before
the failure occurred, it will be removed.

Enjoy.

- Jason (jnmartin84)
}}}